przepis('banana_cake','	Bake in three layer pans at 350 degrees.').
przepis('blueberry_coffee_cake','	Mix butter, 1 cup sugar, flour, 2 eggs, 2 tsp vanilla, baking powder, and milk to make cake batter. Blend easily. Add 3 cups of blueberries. Put 2 1/2 cups of batter in pan. Mix cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 egg, lemon juice and 1 tsp vanilla to make filling. Put filling on top of batter. Top with remaining batter. Make streusel topping from flour, butter, brown sugar, ad cinnamon. Sprinkle on top of cake. Bake at 375 degrees for 1 hour and 5 minutes. Check after 50 minutes.').
przepis('chocolate_cake','	Mix all ingredients together. Pour in 1 cup boiling water. Mix well. Bake about 35 minutes at 375 degrees.').
przepis('chocolate_mayonaise_cake','	Makes 2 layer cake.').
przepis('crazy_cake','	Mix first 5 ingredients well, about 4 minutes. Bake at 350 degrees in a 9x13 pan for 35 minutes. Poke holes in warm cake and pour on mixture of powdered sugar and lemon juice.').
przepis('fresh_apple_cake','	Mix apples and sugar well. Add oil, nuts, and eggs. Add vanilla and dry ingredients. Bake at 350 degrees for 40-45 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or top with cream cheese frosting.').
przepis('fresh_pear_cake','	Butter and flour a 9 inch round pan. Peel and slice pears. Blend eggs, sugar, milk, and salt. Add flour, mix well. Fold 1/2 of pears into batter. Pour into pan, fan remaining pears on top. Dot with butter. Bake at 350 degrees about 55 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar.').
przepis('graham_cracker_cake','	Cream butter and sugar. Add crushed crackers, sour milk, and soda. Stir in nuts. Bake in 10 inch square baking pan. Bake in 350 degree oven for 30-35 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or thin powdered sugar icing.').
przepis('hot_water_chocolate_cake','	Mix all ingredients together. Pour in 1 cup boiling water. Mix well. Bake about 35 minutes at 375 degrees.').
przepis('hungry_bear_cheese_cake','	Combine first 5 ingredients to make crust. Save 1/4 cup for top. Press remaining crumbs evenly over bottom and about 2 inches up sides of a 9 inch spring form pan. Prepare filling: beat cream cheese and cottage cheese until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, bating well. Blend in lemon juice and vanilla. Mix sugar, flour and salt. Add to cheese mixture. Pour into crust. Bake at 350 degrees until set, about 35 to 40 minutes. Combine topping ingredients (sour cream, sugar, vanilla, and salt). Spread evenly over hot cheese cake. Return to oven until cream sets, about 5 minutes. Cool in pan on rack. Sprinkle reserved crumbs around edge of cake.').
przepis('lemon_poppy_cake','	Mix all for 4 minutes. Bake at 350 degrees for 40 minutes.').
przepis('light_old_fashioned_fruit_cake','	Sift dry ingredients into a 4 quart bowl. Add fruit and nuts. Mix until well coated. Set aside. Cream butter, gradually add sugar and cream until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each. Add brandy. Combine with fruit mixture. Mix well. Turn into a 10 inch tube pan or four 1# coffee cans lined with foil, filling pans 2/3 full. Bake in slow oven, 275 degrees for 2 3/4 to 3 hours. About 1/2 hour before done brush lightly with honey or light corn syrup. Cool completely then wrap tightly in foil to store for several weeks. Brush with brandy about once a week.').
przepis('my_best_gingerbread','	Bake in greased pan for 35 minutes at 325-350 degrees.').
przepis('oatmeal_cake','	"Pour the water over the oatmeal. Let stand for 20 minutes. Add remaining cake ingredients. Mix well and pour into a greased 9"x12" pan. Let stand while mixing topping. To prepare topping: Mix all ingredients together over low heat, until butter melts. Spoon over unbaked cake. Bake 45 minutes at 350 degrees."').
przepis('orange_angel_food_cake','	"Prepare angel food cake as directed on package, but pour 1/3 cup of the thawed orange juice into a 2 cup measure and add enough water for the mixture to equal the amount of water called for in package directions. Continue to prepare cake as directed, baking the batter in an ungreased 10 inch tube pan. Immediately invert the cake, leaving in pan. Cool completely. Loosen sides of cake from pan; remove cake. To make the topping, in a medium bowl, gently stir together the thawed topping and yogurt. Fold in remaining orange juice concentrate. Spread topping mixture over top ad sides of cake."').
